When I first heard about 9 11, I was at prototype. It's the school that
trains you to work on a nuclear reactor up in upstate New York. I
was walking down my room and my roommate, um, said, Hey, Clinton, take
a look at the TV and I looked at the screen. I saw E. Guess there
was smoke coming from the first tower. Um, at first I didn't think
too much about it, just like everyone else. They said, Oh, it's maybe
some smoke or someone said it was a plane. Um, things like that happened,
Um, not too common, but it happens enough in American. That's
not be surprised. Uh, it was pretty shocking once the second plane
hit. Um, after that happened, I after, you know, being glued to the
TV for about an hour. You know, they called us all back in, um to school,
you know, we got there, you know, we kind of just chatted. No
one really knew what was going on. And then after about an hour or
two, then they sent us back. I heard that other, um, other military
establishments all had to, like, stay where they were. You know, like
preparing for war something. But because I was at school, you know
that there wasn't really a big need for us to be there. But things
changed after that. Before I had things changed my psyche because of
that. Up until that time, I thought, Well, the navy is this place where
they give you a decent amount of cash. They prepare you for a job,
you know, doing some complex with some complex operation. We exercise
a little bit, you know, we study a lot, Um, and we get free meals
after that. Then I realized you know what? We are Americans. Police.
Uh, we are the world's police. We actually have to do something
to stop this. We have toe have to make sure that planes don't hit any
of my companions again. Any of my my fellow Americans again. So it
got riel. Uh, that's a long way of saying that you know what I start
toe understand my position in the world after 9 11